---
layout: post
title: Tokyo's Intermediate Power Ranking 
subtitle: Connecting Esports Communities
bigimg: /img/editsmashggTIPR.png
image: /img/tnemblem.png
tags: [Graphic Design, Social Media Campaign, Photoshop, Illustrator]
---

TIPR is Tokyo's Intermediate Power Ranking. A ranked ladder system founded by the Tokyo esports coomunity. 
Prior to TIPR the Super Smash Brothers competitive community lacked a way to track the achievements of players across tournaments.
The creation of TIPR allowed for seasonal rankings, and reenergized the community.

## My Role
When I heard about TIPR I was honored to be asked to do the artwork and lead the press campaign for the new ranked ladder system.
The ultimately successful campaign went on to unite six [Tokyo community tournies under the TIPR banner](https://twitter.com/TokyoSSB_JP)
My strategy here was to create a careful campaign calandar where we posted information about the TIPR each day during peak user traffic hours. Additionally I contacted all of the organizers and to retweet out our posts in order to quicky generate visibility on Twitter. This campaign strategy worked out effectively and we were able to create a lot of hype for our TIPR ladder.  

Before doing this, I had to illustrate and compose the TIPR logo in illustrator and photoshop respectively.  Additionally the logos of the six tournaments united under TIPR are also featured in our logo to reify the idea of the ladder and make it immediately clear to audience which events are included in TIPR.


